okay huh whats up youtube home I'm gonna
unbox line you right out revolution
speed paperwork it comes with the right
out I guess that's soft cup because I
had one and then I just got this one oh
and also come to the free pomp and three
goosing pack pump
after the helmet I already put my G my
judgments up on that so Michael
different his frappe give you some
angles the back
um I got um airbag so you can air it up
the crap then in photo class pads I got
the pitiable job has and in front of all
cuz pad inside makes you more
comfortable feels pretty good here I'll
put it on for you guys it's very
comfortable
that's really good die inside I like the
bomb
and that's my right out revolution speed
it has that it also has a good quick
release point on each side yeah so
that's my motto lovies revolution speed